Add profiling merge example without arguments (#846)
precice/precice.github.io: content/docs/tooling/tooling-performance-analysis.md

> The merge command searches passed directories for the event files.

Author: ```suggestion
The merge command searches the current directory recursively for event files.
You can also pass individual directories to be searched, or individual event files to use.
```

> The merge command searches passed directories for the event files.

Author: @carme-hp You are right. This isn't clear. Fixed it.
